Oh where's gonzo I know the owner he's
up there you decided to come to a game
yet again hey where's the music coming
from
don't my friends
well thank you so much oh I don't think
I'm gonna last much longer I have failed
you I'm so sorry
it's okay time to finally
my line there are so many songs about
gonna pay for that gun ha ha ha
is that a fact now is it
Wilkin Japan Brousseau heaven my name is
Bonnie here
come on Mario get in the bag
oh why should listen to you
one jillion dollars oh wow that was
lucky ha ha ha ha ha time for YouTube to
get tortured that's not so bad way the
poo is way worse okay maybe he's right
but whatever any last words
no I'm gonna put an end to you gonzo for
the future
well man
gonzo got pause there don't you
boomer goes you got a bit of coverage
Halloween
Oh six hours later
with